[Music]
camille we haven't been together for three years
and i'm engaged i'm gay but come on it's temporary
it happens to everyone a period is
for antonio and paolo in Italy it is so finally to meet my mom and dad
the moment of truth has come paolo table tells her that if she and he and
donato us in which one of berlin yes no worry it happens out of tune work there
we are known doing musicals it was the musical that she doesn't like the no of
gay version of the theater now then sorry he told me that you do
they knew true they will need trusted friends we have a lot in common one
family with open ideas the world towards integration all over the world e
so much courage we love each other and we have decided to
marry us nice terno joke if you have not decided to celebrate the
their marriage you can also leave this house it wasn't you who said that
this is a country that welcomes all people i meant refugee tourists
leave the house keys
my mother will never come to this wedding
you are all invited to the wedding of the year guys it will be a riot
but sometimes impossible things become possible you want to kiss the groom went on
everybody good cares in berlin [Music]
[Music]